# EventsDALI

TO RUN:
	Open in XCode with latest update. Run file in simulator and be sure to set device to iPhone 12 Pro.

Events App

Pitch

Due to COVID, we have all been staying indoors much more than we’re used to. When COVID comes to a hopefully inevitable end, people will want to go do what ever they can outside of their house, but how do they come up with things to do whens so many people just stay inside on “social” media. That is where this events app comes into play. We are putting the social in social media.  The app will allow users to post an event, its time, the category, the group of people that get view access, and even a photo or video. These events will be seen in a scroll view where the user can click different buttons to say if they are going, thinking about it, or not going. There will also be comments and reposts for each event. An important aspect will be the grouping. I’m the class of ’21 at my high school, Blair Academy, so I could create a group with everyone in my class at Blair. The two functions that would now be available are chatting with the entire group and creating an event that only that group could go to, for example, a graduation party. This would allow people to group their social life in a natural way: close friends, family, acquaintances, coworkers. The ussr will also have the ability to explore public events using a map on the search screen. If the user says yes to an event it will automatically update on the in-app calendar. A person’s profile will display the events they are going to within the upcoming month, and it will also display the amount of events they have attended, amount of events they hosted, and how many friends they have. 

Business

Revenue can be generated by promoting events similar to how you can promote a post on Instagram, but this is even more practical. A user can promote a concert they’re performing at by paying advertising fees based on the amount of people it reaches. 

Screens

Events Screen - Displays events in scroll view with repost, comment, and share functions. User can say yes no or maybe to events. Comment section is more like a group text for each event

Map Screen - Map where you can move around and see public events. Search bar at top to find events

Post Screen - User inputs title, category (fitness, party, school, etc..), date and time, optional description, and optional photo
	
Calendar Screen - automatically organizes all events you have said yes to. Can click a date to expand and see what events are going on that day

Profile Screen - displays what events you are going to and have said maybe to in chronological order. Shows events attended, events hosted, and friends
	
